Update TMAP8 website (#96)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/getting_started/using_tmap8.md

selected for output. These results are best viewed using a visualization tool
like [Paraview](http://www.paraview.org/download/).

## TMAP8 Tests, Verification and Validation Cases, and Examples

!style halign=left
In general the input files for verification, validation, and example cases located within the `test/tests` directory are meant
to be a showcase of "production" TMAP8 capability. Users are encouraged to start there

> when learning TMAP8 and setting up new simulations. Documentation for the verification and validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when learning to use TMAP8 and setting up new simulations. Documentation for the verification and validation
```

cases can be found [on the TMAP8 verification and validation page](verification/ver-list.md), and documentation for the example
cases can be found [on the TMAP8 example page](examples/index.md).

The `test/tests` directory holds *all* TMAP8 regression, verification, validation, and example
tests for both complete and in-progress capability. These files *should not* be modified,
so that periodic tests of TMAP8 function can be performed successfully. If modification of

> tests, verification and validation cases, or examples inputs is desired, they should be copied and run elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests, verification and validation cases, or examples is desired, their input files should be copied and run elsewhere.
```
